## <center>User Privacy Agreement description</center>
We value our users' privacy. When you use our services, we may collect and use information about you. We would like to explain to you through this Privacy Policy how we collect, use, store and share this information when using our Services, as well as the ways we provide you with access, update, control and protection of this information. This Privacy Policy is closely related to the services you use. We hope you will read it carefully and make the choices you think are appropriate in accordance with the guidance of this Privacy Policy when necessary. We try our best to express the relevant technical terms involved in this Privacy Policy in a concise and to the point manner, and provide links to further explanations for your understanding. By using or continuing to use our Services, you consent to the collection, use, storage and sharing of your relevant information in accordance with this Privacy Policy
* A. Information We may Collect.

 When we provide the services, we may collect, store and use the following information about you. If you do not provide the relevant information, you may not be able to enjoy some of the services we provide or may not be able to achieve the results intended by the relevant services. 
  1. The information we obtain about you
    Log information refers to technical information or data logs generated by software that may be automatically collected by the system through cookies, web beacons or other means when you use our Services.
* B.	Information security We retain your personal information only for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and for the time required by laws and regulations. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect against loss, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure of information. For example, in some of our services, we will utilize encryption technologies, such as SSL, to protect the personal information you provide. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, in the Internet industry, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% security of information. You need to understand that the systems and communications networks you use to access our services may experience problems due to factors beyond our control.

* C.	Your Rights In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the general practices of other countries and regions, you have the right to request us to correct any errors in the personal information we process about you. If we collect or use your personal information in violation of laws, administrative regulations or the provisions of this Privacy Agreement, you have the right to ask us to delete your personal information. You agree to process your sensitive personal information according to the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy.

* D.	How may We collect Information We or our third party partners may collect and use your information through cookies and web beacons, and store such information as log information. We use our own cookies and web beacons in order to provide you with a more personalized user experience and services, and for the following purposes.
  1. Remember your identity, for example: cookies and web beacons help us identify you as one of our registered users, or save information you provide to us about your preferences or other information.
  2. And analyzing your use of our services. For example, we can use cookies and web beacons to understand what activities you use our services for, or which pages or services are most popular with you.
- E. Emails and information we may send to you Announcements related to the service We may issue service-related announcements to you when necessary, such as when a service is suspended for system maintenance. You may not be able to cancel these announcements related to the service that are not promotional in nature.
-  F.	Scope of application of the Privacy Policy Except for some specific services, all the services of our APP are subject to this Privacy Policy. These specific services will be subject to specific privacy policies. Specific privacy policies for certain specific services will be more specific about how we use your information in those services. The privacy policy for that particular service forms part of this Privacy Policy. If there is any inconsistency between the privacy policy of the relevant particular service and this Privacy Policy, the privacy policy of that particular service shall apply. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the following situations:
   1. Information collected by third party services (including any third party websites) accessed through our services.
   2. information collected through other companies or agencies that advertise on our Services.
* G.	Changes We may revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time, and such changes form part of this Privacy Policy. If such amendments result in a material reduction of your rights under this Privacy Policy, we will mark the date of the update in the Privacy Agreement before the amendments take effect. In such cases, by continuing to use our Services, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy as amended. User Agreement The Company provides the information and Products on the following terms and conditions, in which you may also be referred to as a "User", which constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to your use of the Content provided (the "Agreement").

Last updated: March 6, 2024 Instructions The Company would like to remind users that you should read all the contents of this Agreement carefully before using the Service, especially the clauses that exempt or limit the liability of the company or limit the rights of users Once you use the Service, it means that you have read and fully agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. If you do not agree to any of the terms of this Agreement, please do not use the Service.
Minors should be accompanied by their guardian to read this service Agreement and consent to accept this Service Agreement. The guardian shall strengthen the supervision and protection of the minor. If the guardian damages the interests of the minor or the interests of the Company due to his/her failure to perform his/her duty of guardianship carefully, the guardian shall bear the responsibility. 

Legally qualified users enjoy the non-exclusive right to use the Solution, and the right is non-authorized, non-transferable, and revocable. User is subject to the terms set forth in this Agreement.